Hello, 

Welcome to the Tycadome.
The homebase of Tsunami Flow.

my name is Hubert Christopher Maxwell. I was born on July 11, 1990 in Tallahasse, FLorida, USA and I was raised in a few different states.  When I was born my mother joined the military because she didn't want me growing up in Tallahassee (for reasons I did not learn until after I graduated from undergrad).  I have lived in Germany, North Carolina, Kansas, Georgia, Texas, South Carolina, China and Florida.  I have visited Arkahsas, Tennessee, Penn., New York, Oregon, Indiana and Virgina. I went to two different high school. I first went to Harker Heights High School where I played Football, Basetball, ran Track & Field and was in the and during marching seson and concert season. I stopped being in marching band after my sophomore year because I made the varsity Football team. I graduated from Blytheood High School in 2009 where I played football and ran Track&Field.  I went to undergraduate school at the Univeristy of South Carolina where I was a scholarship athlete with the Track & Field team as a sprinter (my specialty was the 400m but I love running the 200m).  After I graduated college with my Bachelors in Sociology with a focus in Psychology. I got my coaching certificate in track and field and coach for a year and then moved back to Tallahassee, Fl. When I moved back to Tallahassee I decided I wanted to start making money from all the music I was making.  So i deleted everything I ever created and said I will start over with a new name and new music while learning how the entertainment industry works so I can get paid like everybody else.  I join a Professional Rights Organization and began my learning and creating journey all over. In 2017 I obtained my Teaching Certificate to be a Foreign Language English Teacher and taught in China for a little while before I came back to the states.  When I got back to the USA I started my graduated program at Full Sail University and obtain my Masters in Entertainment Business. During my time obtain my masters I left the publishing company Tunecore and started the process of starting my own publishing company and obtaining the rest of my music royalties.  I finished my business plan and started saving funds so that I can implement my business plan once I have enough. I am now training to be a Software Engineer with Revature.




